Prepare 3.x wp.org release (#114)
usefulteam/jwt-auth: readme.txt

- Reporting plugin's bug: [GitHub issues tracker](https://github.com/usefulteam/jwt-auth/issues)
- [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/DgECpEg) also available for faster response.

## IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR V3.x+

> [The latest version](https://github.com/usefulteam/jwt-auth/) of this plugin will soon be released on the WordPress.org plugin repo.
> 
> If you are updating from V2.x to V3.x you should familiarise yourself with the upcoming changes to ensure that your site continues to work as you expect it to.
> 
> There are two imoportant changes:
> 
> = Introduction of refresh tokens =
> 
> [See this section of the readme on GitHub](https://github.com/usefulteam/jwt-auth#refreshing-the-access-token)
> 
> Key changes:
> 
> - Default JWT expiry time will reduce from 7 days to 10 minutes.
> - On expiry of a JWT, your client will need to manage getting a new token using the [refresh token process described here](https://github.com/usefulteam/jwt-auth#refreshing-the-access-token).
> - If you would prefer to retain the 7 day expiry time initially or permanently, you can use the `jwt_auth_expire` hook as documented on this page to force the expiry time to remain at 7 days.
> 
> = Removal of the URL whitelist and related filter =
> 
> Key changes:
> 
> - Users of this plugin will no longer need to whitelist the REST paths from other plugins using the  `jwt_auth_whitelist` as documented on this page.
> - Instead, custom API routes should have the permissions requirement coded via the [permissions callback](https://developer.wordpress.org/rest-api/extending-the-rest-api/adding-custom-endpoints/#permissions-callback) of the REST API route when it is registered.
> - This means that if a route requires authentication, any authentication method can be used and should reduce conflicts between this and other plugins.
> - For further information please see [this discussion](https://github.com/usefulteam/jwt-auth/pull/60) on GitHub.

Reviewer: If we're shooting for a wp.org release now, then we should phrase all of this in the past tense. ❤️ 

```suggestion
When updating from v2 to v3, familiarise yourself with its changes to ensure that your site continues to work as expected:

= New: Refresh tokens ([docs](https://github.com/usefulteam/jwt-auth#refreshing-the-access-token)) =

Key changes:

- Default JWT access token expiry time has been reduced from 7 days to 10 minutes.
- On expiry of a JWT, clients need to retrieve a new access token using the [refresh token as described here](https://github.com/usefulteam/jwt-auth#refreshing-the-access-token).
- To retain the 7 day expiry time, use the hook `jwt_auth_expire`.

= Removed Whitelist =

Key changes:

- You no longer need to whitelist REST paths from other plugins with the hook `jwt_auth_whitelist`. You can remove the hook.
- Instead, custom REST API routes should have access requirements specified with the [permissions callback](https://developer.wordpress.org/rest-api/extending-the-rest-api/adding-custom-endpoints/#permissions-callback) when it is registered.
- This means that if a route requires authentication, any authentication method can be used and this should reduce conflicts between this and other plugins. See [this discussion](https://github.com/usefulteam/jwt-auth/pull/60) for further information.
```

- Breaking bugfix: All authentication error responses are using the correct HTTP status code 401 (Unauthorized) instead of 403 (Forbidden) now.
- Breaking change: Removed whitelist. To retain similar functionality, install a separate plugin, such as https://wordpress.org/plugins/disable-rest-api-and-require-jwt-oauth-authentication/

= 2.1.6 =

> - Added automated asset updates from GitHub
> 
> = 2.1.5 =
> - Removed dev and build files from distribution
> 
> = 2.1.4 =
> - Added update warning and information relevant to updating to version 3.x+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added automated asset updates from GitHub.

= 2.1.5 =
- Removed dev and build files from distribution.

= 2.1.4 =
- Added update warning and information relevant to updating to version 3.
```
